Add dev iso build and documentation (#1203)
rancher-sandbox/elemental: doc/DEVELOPMENT.md

- <https://github.com/rancher/elemental-toolkit>
  
  This repo is needed to build a development image containing the `elemental-toolkit` binary.  
  This image can be then referenced when building a development Elemental iso.  

- <https://github.com/rancher/elemental-operator>

  This repo is needed to build a development image containing the `elemental-registry` binary.  
  It also contains a convenient test cluster that can be automatically provisioned.  
  The test cluster includes a locally built version of the `elemental-operator`, a version of Rancher, and a test registry that can be used when testing Elemental [upgrades](https://elemental.docs.rancher.com/upgrade) through a `ManagedOSImage`.

## Setup a development environment

1. Provision the test cluster

    Using the `elemental-operator` repo:  

    ```bash
    make setup-full-cluster 
    ```

    If everything succeeded, you should be able to login into Rancher at: <https://172.18.0.2.sslip.io>
    The password is `rancherpassword`.  
    Note that it uses a self-signed certificate.  

    At this stage you may want to enable Extensions and install the Elemental extension from the Rancher web UI.  

> 1. Build a local image containing the `elemental-registry`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build a local image containing the `elemental-register` binary
```
